---
layout: post
title: Ep. 2 - Trip Home
date: 2026-03-18
tags: [Home, Vinyl, Wrens, Introduction, Lifestyle]
---

-	This is the start of the Princess and the Journey to Chess City blog.  Maybe no one will ever see it.  At this point it could go in any direction, but I’m dead-set on finding out the hard way.  Coincidentally, I thought of this idea days before embarking on my annual family trip back home – 12 hours of driving each way – and I spent every dollar I have.
  -	  In some ways, that feels good.  Hard to worry about money when you have none.  Just put your head down and make more. 

- I am certainly no artist, but two weeks ago I had a very specific vision and this seems like the best way for me to carry it out.  We’ll see, because I can not draw at all.  My siblings both became highly skilled graphic designers, with talents in other mediums as well, and I freeze up trying to draw a polar bear during Christmas Pictionary.  3d Animation uses references so I think I can do that.  I have accomplished some things in the coding space, some highly ambitious projects, but nothing like what I’m picturing here.

- Oh yeah, the trip:  it was great.  My mom loves vinyl records, as do I (although I don't have a record player lol), so we went to a record store.  I looked for the Meadowlands and fell short, again.  I'll never find it.  We came across Wildflowers from Tom Petty, a meaningful album for us, and my mom said "oh, I'd love it but not for that price".  Records are highly priced, but this made for an easy gift.  I had my sister distract her while I bought it in preparation for whatever the next gift-giving holiday is. I suppose Mothers Day. 

### What I worked on: 
  - Trip Home.  It is a bittersweet trip, for private reasons, and this year it came at an incredibly inconvenient time
    
### What I learned:
  - Sometimes you just have to bite the bullet and sacrifice because it is the right thing to do.  Shut up and do it.

### What Went Wrong:
  - I rewarded myself more than I would have liked to upon my return from a successful trip home.  I need to live a cleaner lifestyle if I have any hope of making PJCC a reality.  It helps to have a purpose, and when I am inspired like this...

### What’s next:
  - I need to work every hour I possibly can to cover the trip expenses and missed work.  That is zero brain power; just having the discipline to show up.  As long as I make it to every shift over the next few weeks it will be just fine

## Listening to: Fang Island - Make Me

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0ehO7aVQ7tIDsiUhIz0lj1" width="500" height="120" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
