---
layout: post
title: Ep. 6 - GitHub
date: 2026-03-28
tags: [Productivity]
---

FINALLY.  Some time to truly dedicate to the project.  I drove from MI to MN and back earlier this month for a trip, I’ve been working 8:00am to 11:30pm (with two-to-four hours in-between jobs) four days a week, and then two days a week of 6 hour shifts.  It’s temporary to cover expenses and also save up for a higher-powered computer.  
-	I made a Website!  Wow!  It took about twelve hours today but it looks pretty good; my coding skills certainly came in handy because GitHub is confusing upon first glance

- Princess and I went to the bank today and, of course, she is the Star of the Show.  Always a spectacle when Princess strolls in.  I left her in the car during prior visits and they said “no no, feel free to bring her in”, so I started doing so, and they have Treats for the dogs that come in, and the employees almost always come out of their offices to pet her.  I’ve had periods where I haven’t had a dog at home, and it would really brighten my day to see one out in the wild and get to pet it.  Plus, Princess is a People-Dog, in the sense that she will allow for infinite petting and treats and attention.  A friend of mine called her a nudger, which is a perfect descriptor, because if you stop petting her she’ll often push-back with her head at the notion that you would even think of stopping, which is excellent out in public but can be a little annoying at home lol.  This time it was customers and employees all crowding around, petting Princess, showing me pictures of their dogs, and all the typical stuff.  She's such a great dog.

And, to be clear, I bring her into the bank but that's about it, in terms of businesses.  I DO look sideways at people who bring dogs into grocery stores, restaurants, gas stations, etc.  

### What I worked on since last post: 
  - Day/Night jobs, and then GitHub.  I rested a bit today, which is Saturday, went to the bank, and then hit it hard.  Feels GREAT.
  - Character/Location pages.  A contact page.  Backlogged blogs have been posted so we are now in real-time
    
### What I learned:
  - That coding is like riding a bike, in some ways, and that the latest technology can assist you in surprising ways.
  - I learned how to create a repository in GitHub, make Pages, organize files and folders, CSS, and basic formatting

### What Went Wrong:
  - I ventured into burnout-prone territory quite naturally, as I tend to get excited over things.  REEL IT IN, DAWG. It's three in the morning

### What’s next:
  - I mean, I dunno!  This was so fun and I feel like I accomplished a lot today, and I still have all of Sunday plus the first half of Monday to continue the progress.

## Listening to: Don McLean – Vincent

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/0VNzEY1G4GLqcNx5qaaTl6" width="500" height="120" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
