---

layout: post
title: Ep. 7 - Python
date: 2026-03-31
tags: [Home, Python, Second_Job, Optimism]
---
- I certainly didn't know coding + Blender was a thing.  I suppose it seems obvious now that I know, but wow that could be powerful for me. 

- Sunday I hit a major roadblock with GitHub – I tried to trim up one of my blog posts and it crashed and I couldn’t figure it out.  Not a huge deal for now, but it is very frustrating and still pending.  

- Now is a good time to switch back to Blender; I’ve done enough on GitHub for now, and tapped into the 2026 Candidates tournament in Cyprus.  The winner of the two-week tournament will face the World Champion later in the year, men's and women's. Today, Fabiano Caruana and Hikaru had an interesting first round that is wrapping up.  Sindarov and Esipenko were down to mere seconds each before getting their additional 30 minutes.  It’s 1pm and I’m going to see if I can build a chess board today.  Yes, I’m putting the Donut tutorial away.   Possibly for good.  I wasn’t retaining the information but just copying steps that I could not replicate later.  
I went through three separate phases of intense coding, spanning 8-10 years.  It got a little weird sometimes, and awfully obsessive, but I thoroughly enjoyed it and put out some powerful products

### What I worked on: 
  - Python and Blender.  Day/night jobs ran smooth, as well 
    
### What I learned:
  - It doesn't matter that I can't draw

### What Needs Attention:
  - I could be handling my multiple jobs better.  I fell backwards into a good work situation, as long as I plan ahead.  But, speaking of, chess lessons start again next week and this one is five weeks, five classes a week, at five different schools, which is a full slate but last session reminded me how much I enjoy teaching.  

### What’s next:
  - May need to slow down on the Python/Blender this week and focus on preparing for the chess lessons. My day and night jobs are rolling along just fine.  

## Listening to: The Advantage - Stage Select + Metal Man

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/4Uw2z68VPWqLWNdASladVr" width="500" height="120" frameborder="0" allowtransparency="true" allow="encrypted-media"></iframe>
